(Ray J)
Previously on
"Love & Hip Hop: Hollywood"...
You know, I've been trying
to play the family card
and just be cool,
but it's just like,
I realized
it was too much
and it just really
needed to stop.
If you need me to hit Jason up,
I'll hit Jason up.
I got Jason number.
Okay.
Yup.
If I have to go through
you to get to the tape,
that's the ultimate goal.
Who's in the tape, bro?
He's a rapper.
A known rapper?
You're not gonna sit here
and talk about my mom.
I'm sick of it.
And that's why her lips
are (bleep) up.
Yo.
(bleep).
Don't (bleep) talk
about my mom, (bleep).
You want to step to me,
I'm gonna show your ass
who's the kid.
(woman)
You were in jail?
Yeah, the citizen's arrest.
I could be in jail for
30 days to six months.
(Ray J)
I had this prenup
in my hand,
and I'm gonna just
rip the whole thing up.
(crowd cheering)
I want to be able
to say this because
I'm not necessarily in
agreement with you
being married.
Hello.
(Princess)
Your mom already said
she didn't want us
to get married.
And then you got me up here
coming up to this?
Your attitude,
I don't like it.
Anything else?
Be yourself.
Be  yourself.
I'm about to be
in a minute.
(woman)
I'm here to introduce to you
the face of Ace.
(crowd cheering)
Isn't it Miss Boomerang?
I just threw her out
and she came back.
First of all, pause.
Why'd you see your way
back in the club--
I don't see what me
and Teairra
have anything
to do with you.
You're mad about a (bleep)
she don't want, I don't want,
and don't want you.
Shut the (bleep) up,
bitch!
You watch
your (bleep) mouth.
(bleep) raggedy-ass
(bleep).
Okay, that's an outfit.
Like it rejected
the rest of your face.
My nose is real.
All right, boo.
I got a Jewish nose,
baby.
It's called money.
No, bitch,
you got a (bleep) snout.
Goodbye, honey.
The streets
are calling.
♪♪
♪ We live that life,
we live that... life ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ We live that life ♪
♪ We live that ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ We live that life ♪♪
♪♪
(Ray J)
Things have not been the same,
all right?
Me and Princess, we about
to get married in two weeks.
And we are drifting apart.
I mean, (bleep) ain't been
the same since she heard
my mama saying that she didn't
want us to get married.
And we got into it
at my video shoot last week.
This (bleep) all messed up.
We gotta do
what we gotta do
to make sure this wedding
is going through.
I got some things I need to
discuss with you, all right?
Hold on, let me take
the gold rope off real quick
'cause it's dangling.
And I don't want
to mess it up
and let it break,
you know what I'm saying?
Thank you.
Just go ahead and sit that--
put that in a safe.
I said I wanted
a "Coming to America"
flashback extravaganza,
and I'm gonna get it.
And you know what's even
more special?
I got my pops here with me.
And this is just
one of those moments
that you will just never forget.
Aced it, my brother.
See you soon.
Aced it.
All right.
Good job, guys.
I appreciate it.
Talk to you soon, Dad.
You know?
Yeah, Pops, I want to come out
with that "ooh-wop."
You know what I'm saying?
So this is it, huh, Ray?
(bleep).
It might be, Pops.
Might not be.
It's so mother(bleep)
stressful right now.
I can't go to Mom's
and talk about it
'cause Mom's gonna say,
"I told you, shh, don't do it!
Just-- just-- just get out
of it now," right?
So I gotta holler at my dad.
I know Princess and I are
way stronger
than what we're
going through right now.
I just want her to be able
to understand like, look,
we getting married.
I don't care
what I used to do.
I don't do that no more.
And she know that.
So now that we together,
when we arguing, it's like,
I'm shooting a video.
Can I still be
creative
without you thinking
that I'm up to something?
What am I doing wrong?
You're not
doing nothing wrong.
When you find this person
that you really think
you want to spend
the rest of your life with,
you got to feel that divorce
is not an option.
It's Princess forever.
You guys gonna have
to just make it work
and work together.
Everybody got
a different personality.
Yeah.
But you'll work it out,
I'm sure,
because I believe
you love her
and I believe
she loves you.
(Ray J)
You know, my pops is right.
I knew Princess was
the one for me
when I got down
on that one knee.
All the (bleep) we going through
was just wedding jitters.
That's all it is.
You the only one
I can talk to about this.
I can't talk to Mom.
'Cause the minute I say,
"I'm having a problem--"
"Don't do it.
Cut the wedding."
You know, when I told her
y'all having a few problems,
she just say, "They're having
a few problems!
They're having problems!"
Just trying to be patient
and just try to listen.
All these problems I'm having
with Princess
will probably have my mama
doing the happy dance right now.
But I'm gonna take my pop's
advice and calm down
and remember that
I'm gonna love Princess forever.
You are you.
She is
who she is.
And you guys are gonna
put it together
and y'all gonna
make gravy, dude.
And maybe I might get a grandson
or a granddaughter
out of this whole situation.
You guys are gonna
do good.
I still gotta
figure it out, Pop.
Love you, son.
Love you, too.
♪♪
Hey, how you doing?
How are you?
All right.
When I thought about it,
I was really wrong
for the things that
I said to Pam the other day.
I'm not gonna lie,
I do see now
how my mom has definitely been
adding some fuel to the fire
and has played a role in
the arguments with Pam and A1.
But that's not my fight anymore.
At this point, I plan to build
a new relationship
with my mother-in-law,
and hopefully from there,
my mom will see that Pam's not
that bad of a person.
I feel so bad
about the other day.
Mm-hmm.
And I wanted to apologize
for my part
in the things
that I said.
You are my mother-in-law.
No matter what, we should
have a good relationship.
I should never call you
out of your name.
I should never
like raise my voice
or anything like that.
Right.
And I love you,
of course.
That was just
like way overboard
and I've been feeling
horrible.
So I do want to
say I'm sorry first.
It's not you,
it's your mother.
I'm trying now to have
a relationship,
but your mom
is kinda hard.
Your mother had y'all
car towed?
Yeah, she did.
That's--
come on now.
Your mother should start
respecting A1
'cause he's
a good man to you.
I don't like the way
she treats you,
whether you know it or not.
She treats me fine.
Well, sometimes
she don't treat you right.
I mean, you're mother
and daughter, you argue.
When she does what she does,
it hurts me.
You just don't know it.
(Pam)
Lyrica G is threatened by anyone
who shares a close bond
with Lyrica.
Her mother always
tries to run her life.
But I think she really getting
fed up with the situation.
This is crazy.
At the end of the day,
this is the stupidest thing
that's never gonna
get us anywhere.
She told me that she's gonna
give me the car back.
And I was thinking, maybe
like you could ride with me
to go do the trade-off
with the cars,
and maybe that'll be
a first step of her seeing
that me and you
are bonding again.
Right.
And maybe
I would just love
if you and her had a...
Right.
... you know,
some sort of bond.
But it starts with
me and you.
I love my son,
so I want his happiness.
You understand?
But do you forgive me?
Oh, girl, I never
was mad at you.
Okay, but I love you
and I, once again,
I'm so sorry.
And let's go get the cars
and hopefully just...
try to be a little
smooth sailing from there.
Hooray.
♪♪
(Hazel E)
That's right,
it's your girl Hazel E, baby.
And I'm back
in this bitch.
(laughing)
I've been living my life
to the fullest.
I got a poppin' new record,
your girl's lit,
and I don't know
if these hos is ready for me.
I'm gonna link up
with my girl TT,
have a couple
drinks, reminisce.
I mean, hell, we've been friends
for over 10 years,
and at this point, even though
we have our ups and downs,
one thing's
for sure is we know how
to lay that (bleep) to rest
and keep it pushin'.
We gotta hang out
more, bitch.
Yeah, we do, I mean,
you don't get friendships
that last 10 years
in Hollywood.
It's a true,
honest, real--
Sisterhood, yeah.
Like you can always say,
Hazel's got my back.
Remember when you came
in my house
and poured out
all my Jack Daniel's
and put Coke in it?
Yeah, I had to
because that was
my first time
even realizing like,
oh, she likes to take it there.
That's what
a real friend would do.
And the thing is,
the gag is,
that I was so (bleep) up
that I didn't even realize
that it was Coke
that I was drinking.
We growed up, you know.
It's memories.
Yeah, it is.
Honestly,
sometimes Teairra likes
to go overboard
with the liquor.
To me, it seems like some things
really never change.
Her ass is still on these
streets stirring up trouble.
All these headlines of her going
ham on this Uber driver
has flooded the Internet.
And honestly, I need a moment
to catch this "T."
What's poppin'
with you?
Girl...
I need to get caught up
to speed on the court--
This whole
(bleeps).
Teairra versus the People.
Yes, baby.
(both laughing)
Teairra versus the People,
let's get it bracket--
Teairra versus
the People, yes.
I have to make
an appearance.
And, you know, my attorneys--
I think I have good attorneys.
Just go an state your case.
Go state my case.
The right people--
State the proof.
You know what I'm saying,
walking you in.
Yes.
Stating the facts.
And I feel like
I have proof
that I'm not guilty.
Right.
You know what I'm saying?
I think that everything
is gonna be okay.
It's so stupid that I even have
to still deal with this case.
But I know that
I didn't do anything wrong
and I'm gonna get through this.
My attorney's gonna take care
of everything.
Enough about me.
What's going on
with you?
Yeah, I mean,
you know,
I just dropped a single
with Fetty on it, you know?
Well, he's hot right now,
but he's also Masika's
baby daddy.
Yeah, allegedly or...
How is that working out?
I don't know if you've
been paying attention
to social media, but...
Uh-huh, I saw everything.
She was saying that it wasn't
Fetty that was on the record.
It's Fetty on the--
Do you know for sure, though?
I do know for sure
it's Fetty on the record.
But I'm like, well, how you
know Fetty your baby daddy?
Listen, I don't know
if this is Fetty Wap
or Fetty Bop or Fetty Not.
I don't know
who the (bleep) it is.
I known Hazel longer.
Hazel introduced me
to Masika.
Now y'all fighting,
now I'm supposed to pick a side.
Bitches, leave me out of it.
I don't understand that girl
and her spirit.
She should just be proud
of her accomplishments.
She has joined
the elite club
of Fetty Wap's concubine
and all the women
that carry his children,
perhaps or not.
Damn.
Listen, I forgot all about
this bitch
until she popped up
on my Twitter account
claiming that that's not
Fetty Wap on my track.
I'm 100% sure of it.
Are  you 100% sure
that that's the daddy?
Just 'cause he's been there
does not mean he's the only one.
Well, I'm happy
you back in town.
Like what the (bleep)
are you doing?
Let's get some food.
Get dressed up,
you know--
And go out, okay, okay.
Yeah, let's go.
Let's go give him
a run around the town
like we used to.
All right.
Well, cheers to that.
I miss you so much.
I know, baby.
I know Sonja loves you.
Little does she know,
I want the prenup for myself.
So I get to the courtroom,
I got a (bleep)
bench warrant.
You lied
and they came for me,
so I have no choice
but to put you back
in your place on that
surgery table.
Oh...
I expected you to look
magnificent.
I'm actually disappointed.
And I expected you, too,
Nasal He.
(bleep).
♪♪
(woman)
She wearing that red, baby.
(Princess)
Queli, mmm!
(women laughing)
I'm pretty excited to finally
get my bridesmaids fitted
for their dresses today.
But I still can't ignore
what Ray and I
have been going through lately.
All of a sudden
we're fighting,
and he's got this bad attitude
about everything I say or do.
This is really happening,
and we are part of such
a big moment, Princess.
Real talk like, I mean,
Ray ripped his prenup up
at the engagement party.
No, I know.
The prenup came from Sonja.
Oh, saying that
you guys should have one.
Yeah.
But she's doing that
for both of y'all.
No, she's doing it for him.
I know Sonja loves you
unconditionally.
It has nothing to do
with Princess and Ray.
Okay, it does have
something to do with me.
She told me herself.
I walked in when
they were having lunch,
and she pretty much told me
that she did not want us
to get married.
It's like
little does she know,
I want the prenup
for myself.
I thought about it,
and the prenup makes sense.
All this arguing that
we've been doing
is only
reminding me of the past.
This is the first
time I've heard this.
For me, I don't believe
in a prenup at all.
I do need to make sure
Princess is protected.
When Ray and I broke up,
he bought my trademark
to my name.
Stuff that happens
like that when we break up,
imagine what was to happen
if we get divorced.
(man)
Brandi, I'm ready for you.
(Brandi)
Okay.
Bottom line,
I need to protect myself.
I'm just thankful to be
a part of such a big moment.
Whatever you do, you got
my support 100%.
I definitely understand
how Princess can feel that way.
But I understand Sonja
on a whole nother level.
You know I'm here 'cause
I just want to know
how you are doing.
I'm doing okay.
You don't seem okay.
Dominique is my best friend
whom I've know
since junior high school.
Although we live far apart,
we've always remained
really close.
You know, at this point,
my issue isn't
with Sonja anymore.
My issue right now is
with me and Ray.
I just want to make sure that
this is what he really wants,
because I'm not here
to make him choose anybody.
And I feel like the closer
to the date we are,
I feel like we're just
not on the same page.
It's getting close,
it's almost here.
You know, you should
be happy right now.
Just... kick the bull,
like it's you and him.
If y'all gotta do little
things on writing on paper
just to secure yourself
in the beginning,
then maybe do that.
Yeah.
That would make me happy.
(Princess)
Dominique is right.
Ray and I do need to block out
all the BS,
but I still feel
like I need a prenup.
I just need to make sure
I'm protected.
I need to do
what I need to do
to make sure I'm safe
and I'm comfortable.
♪♪
(man)
Head up, chin up.
Andrew and I are meeting up
with Teairra today,
but as usual, TT's late.
I'm not really sure how
her Uber case is going,
but I hope she's taking it
a little bit more serious
than the last time I saw her.
She was drinking
and laughing
and acting like
it really was no big deal,
as if her lawyers was just gonna
take care of it for her.
I haven't seen you
in a while, since...
Since happy hour?
Even Teairra,
I haven't really seen her
for a while.
Why?
She needs you in her life.
I asked her about the case
'cause that (bleep) was crazy.
I really didn't know
the whole thing would happen.
So after you heard
her whole story,
like what's your take on it,
you thought?
I asked her
if she was drinking,
'cause I know how her
temper can go.
And she said no.
I just worry about her
because, you know,
I'm a little bit
concerned for her.
I've been there firsthand
when I've seen situations
happen
with-- where we've gotten
kicked out of a restaurant
because of her temper.
Yeah, you and me both.
There's all times
when we all get (bleep) up
and do stupid stuff.
Right, right.
But when it happens
on a consistent pattern,
it's like something's--
something's going on.
Some people have
a chemical imbalance
when they drink.
My brother had a problem.
You know,
and some days he was calm
and some days he was crazy.
And it just concerns me
'cause it's like...
I already went through
a tragedy in my life,
and I don't want to
see nothing happen to her.
You know, she doesn't
have family here.
She doesn't have anything,
so I feel like I'm her
only support system.
And I think like
it would be nice
for her other friends
to like reach out.
Like I can't do this alone.
Andrew's right.
I think, as a friend,
it's time I really talk to her
before it's too late.
I can't handle
another person in my life
going down this same path.
Hi, TT.
How are you guys?
Hey, boo.
Good, how are you?
Hey.
What's going on?
You look amazing.
Had the craziest
freakin' morning.
What's happened?
I had to
go to court today.
I'm shaking right now
'cause I don't know
what's gonna (bleep) happen.
So there was a miscommunication
between my attorney and I,
and I was late.
So I get
to the courtroom
and I got a (bleep)
bench warrant.
I'm gonna have to go
and turn myself in tomorrow.
I don't know what's
gonna happen.
I just want you to come
to court with me tomorrow.
Yeah, you'll have
to show me where.
I'll give you the bail money
just in case she locks me up.
'Cause a bench warrant
is serious.
Right.
Well, what does
your lawyer say, like--
He's telling me,
"You should be good.
Just turn yourself
right in tomorrow."
But I'm gonna prepare
for the worst,
so I'm gonna have
the money on deck,
cash in your hand.
And if I get clink-clink,
then...
Right, I got you.
I didn't think that it would
turn into this big issue.
You shouldn't even be getting
yourself in these type of...
Exactly.
... situations.
I can't even believe
I got into this situation.
I've been working really hard
to get my career back on track.
The court case just keeps
getting bigger and bigger.
And I'm so (bleep) nervous.
Like I'm scared
(bleep)less.
I'm turning myself in tomorrow,
and hopefully the judge
will see that I'm a good person,
and I can get through
this bull(bleep).
I mean, it's a lesson,
though.
You know, like tone
your (bleep) down
and focus
on the right things.
That's gonna elevate you.
Like I'm ready to look
in the mirror
and see like,
what is it, bitch?
Get it together.
♪♪
(Max)
After talking to Fizz,
I've finally come to
the understanding
that this beef with
Moniece is never gonna end.
We're just gonna have to be
the bigger people
and set the example.
At the end of the day,
it's all about having
a clear conscience.
That's why I had to
just tell Fizz like, look,
you know I don't want
to be responsible--
You told him about the tape?
I had to tell him
about the tape.
Babe, why did you--
I wouldn't be a real friend.
Why did you...
'Cause I wouldn't be
a real friend.
But he's gonna go tell her.
He should tell her.
I spent time with Cam
and I would hate to--
him to grow up and be like
that's the guy
that embarrassed my mother
to the world and put out
a sex tape.
You know what I'm saying?
She should learn
her (bleep) lesson.
Stop (bleep) lying on people
and thinking that
you don't gotta deal
with your real naked truth.
Is that your job
to teach her her lesson,
or is it our job to stay
rich and get money?
She came for me.
She came for
my family.
She (bleep) disrespected
my-- my whole character.
I hear what you're saying,
but, you know,
at the end of the day,
you need to just decide
what type of person you are.
Would Beyoncé ever
release a sex tape?
Never.
You know she wouldn't.
Yep, you're right.
(Brandi)
Max is right.
What would Beyoncé do?
#wwbd.
My girl Be for sure
wouldn't be wasting
her precious, hardworking time
running around chasing
a fake chick like Moniece.
I am much better than that.
(Brandi)
All I can think about is,
the wedding is around
the corner.
I can't even think
about no wedding right now.
But remember when Ray
ripped up the prenup
at the engagement?
When we were doing
the bridesmaids fitting,
she says that she's actually
gonna go get a prenup
for herself.
Ray basically doesn't know.
I kinda felt at the moment,
like oh, no.
Why are you
saying this to me?
But I do need to be
a friend to you.
All you had to do
is just be a bridesmaid.
Show up and smile,
catch a bouquet...
eat some cake.
You don't think
I'm gonna come across
disloyal to the Norwoods...
if I don't
say anything?
I am so conflicted right now.
I know that there's a big chance
that if I tell Ray J,
she's going to be very upset.
But I've known Sonja and Ray
practically my whole life.
Why would you even put
yourself in that situation?
Like are you Ray's protector?
No.
Are you his mentor?
No, I want
to help Princess, too.
Are you Princess's protector?
I felt bad that
she felt like that.
Are you going
on their honeymoon with them?
No, Max.
All right, I'm just trying
to figure out like,
'cause you acting
like you gotta do this.
And you don't gotta
do nothing.
Okay.
You don't have
to do nothing.
I am not trying to be in other
people's business at all,
but Princess telling me
about this prenup
has put me in
the same situation I put her in
when I told her
about my store.
I don't know
what I'm gonna do.
All this being in the middle
of people's business
ain't for you.
I'm just telling you
it's time to switch it up
a little bit.
Max and Brandi have acquired
a sex tape of me
by way of Jason.
My question then was,
who's the person?
He says, "He's a rapper."
So I'm like,
light bulb!
♪♪
♪ Staring at the night sky ♪
♪ Trying not to
wonder why ♪
(Nikki)
Andrew called me earlier today
and told me that TT's been
locked up
and he's waiting
to get her bail.
I rushed over
as quickly as I could.
On the bright side,
she's getting bailed,
but things could've
been a lot worse.
♪ Tell me something not
to wonder why ♪
(Teairra)
So after the mix-up with
my attorney yesterday,
I turned
myself in this morning.
And to be honest, the judge
wasn't trying to hear
anything that
I had to say.
She set my bail at 26,000
and the next thing
I know, it was like clink-clink
and I was being transported
to holding,
AKA jail.
Next thing I know,
I'm in for six hours
which felt like (bleep)
36 hours,
and I'm in there with
murderers and thieves and...
it was just like crazy.
So I know that this is
not the place for me.
♪ So ♪
♪ You can never be my ♪
♪ Never be my ♪
♪ So I'm just
gonna say so ♪
♪ You will
never be my hero ♪
I'm just so happy
to have friends
like Andrew and Nikki.
Andrew was sitting in court
with me all day long.
And then I get out of jail
and they're both
there to bail me out.
I never wanna go back to jail.
Six hours in jail
felt like an eternity.
It ain't for me, okay?
♪ Staring at the night sky ♪
♪ Trying not to
wonder why ♪♪
♪♪
This morning my girl Masika
reached out to me
to inform me
that this dough boy,
Jason Lee, is still running
his mouth about me.
And you would've thought that
after my lawyers reached out
he would have zipped it.
So I'm catching up
with Masika today
so I can fill her in
on what's really going on.
What the (bleep)
happened?
So... Max and Brandi
have acquired a sex tape
of me by way of Jason.
My question then was,
who's the person?
So I know this
lame Chihuahua would try
some type of retaliation,
but trying to dig up
a sex tape, to put it out?
What woman would try to
do this to another woman,
and most importantly,
what "mother,"
since that's what you
like to talk about so much,
would expose another mother?
Dreux calls me then
later that day and says,
"I kind of shook it
out of Jason.
He says he's a rapper."
So I'm like,
light bulb!
I dated this guy
named Phillip...
Mm-hmm.
... on and off for like
two, two-and-a-half years.
And it was not like
a fly-by-night,
hump-on-me situation.
Like it was
a I would go to Vegas,
he would come to LA,
we--
So it was like
a legit thing?
It was a legit
like situationship
because he didn't live
here in LA,
so-- and I didn't
want long distance,
which was how we
ended it.
But we ended as friends.
So I go to Phillip's
social media and I'm looking--
I see that he's gonna
be here in LA.
So I'm like,
all right.
Okay.
I'm going to pop up
and I'm gonna get
to the bottom of it.
This is like
way too (bleep) much.
Mm-hmm.
That's the only way I--
I see out of this.
But I can't take
any (bleep) more.
More importantly, you have
some...
I've seen the tweets
between you and Hazel and...
Girl.
You were like,
"The voice inflections.
"Ain't no 1738.
"Ain't no adlib.
This sounds likes
fat (bleep)."
I was like
I gotta go.
So there was a lot of unresolved
issues with Nazel and I.
But you know what,
I don't give a (bleep),
so I didn't even care to
address them.
So when I was asked on
a talk show who was she,
I said, "I don't know."
So Nazel He posts
@MasikaKalysha--
she knows exactly who I am--
become the bitch just
did a song with @FettyWap,
her baby daddy.
So I press play and I hear
this voice come on.
So I'm listening to it
and I'm waiting for
Fetty's verse.
And I'm like,
"Okay, so this is cool,
but where's Fetty?"
And I'm like,
wait a minute!
This is not the guy.
This-- this is actually
Betty Slop.
So when I finally took
a painful ear
to Nazel's track,
I called Fetty up
and asked him if he heard
this debauchery
and he didn't
even know who she was
or what the song was
or anything.
I had actually
FaceTimed him and I said,
"I don't even know why I'm
bringing this up to you.
"I just wanna know,
have you heard the song
Hazel E put out saying
it's you?"
And he was like,
"No, I don't even know
what you're
talking about."
So I'm like, "Okay, well,
do you want me
to send it to you?"
He's like, "Yeah."
So we hang up,
I send it to him.
It wasn't even like
two seconds.
He is like,
"What the he..."
Like it's just--
I can't even--
the profanities,
the curse words.
So he's like, "Have the label
get that (bleep) down."
Blah-blah-blah-blah-blah.
And for the same reason,
if he says it wasn't him,
she would get attention
he didn't.
So I'm like, "Okay, well,
I'll be petty and post it."
And he's like,
"Go for it."
Masika is my sister
in petty crime.
And it was slightly petty
for Masika to call Hazel out
for allegedly lying about Fetty
being on her record.
I don't know
Fetty's voice,
but Masika was gung-ho
from the beginning
that that was not him.
Not the right tag,
not the right adlibs.
But I don't study that man's
voice inflections,
so I don't know.
But I'm always gonna
support my friend.
I know no one has
seen her
in a very long time.
This is Hollywood--
It took a long time
to recover from
all of that surgery.
Here's the thing--
Eventually, you're gonna
run into the broad
so you might
as well just--
There's no conversation
at all,
unless you apologize
for the ignorant comment
you said about
my child.
I get it,
you're embarrassed.
You lied about a record.
Put it out, tried to
make money off of it
and then came for me.
So I have no choice but to
put you back in your place
on that surgery table
so we can try and get
that together again.
♪♪
I understand you're here
because you think you may want
or need a premarital
agreement.
Yes, absolutely.
Okay.
What the (bleep) are you
doing in my car, Pam?!
Get out of my car!
(Lyrica)
Mom!
Bitch, get out
of my car!
Hold on!
Get out of my car!
♪♪
(Princess)
It seems like
the Norwoods feel like
if we were to get divorced,
I would try and take
their empire.
That's not what
I'm trying to do.
So I'm getting my own
legal protection
for the stuff
that I've built.
Even before Ray came
into my life.
I understand we're here
because you think you may
want or need a premarital
agreement.
Yes, absolutely.
Okay.
Have you and Ray
discussed entering
a premarital agreement?
We actually had one
and he ripped it up.
It was drafted
by his lawyer?
by his lawyer
and I think his
mother even had
something
to do with it.
She actually hasn't been too
fond of us getting married.
So I'm just to
a point now
where I just feel like
I need to protect myself.
That's the main reason why
I came here to talk to you...
Okay.
... because it has gotten
ugly before.
There was a time
where we broke up.
He actually bought
the trademark to my name.
Princess Love.
I bought my logo not knowing
that I should've
done my name too,
and we've had verbal
agreements before
when he didn't
follow through
with what he promised.
Okay.
What assets do you have
currently
that you think
you wanna protect?
I have a clothing line,
I have my brand,
Princess Love,
my hair line
that I created.
Okay.
Most important is
my brand and my name
'cause that's everything.
The last time
Ray and I had a fight,
he bought the rights to my name.
Another time, he basically
stole my car.
When things go bad
between me and Ray,
I just can't trust him.
I do have a question.
Sure.
I want an agreement
that the prenup
is out of the window
if he ever has another child
outside of our marriage.
Okay, that's interesting.
No one's ever
asked that before.
I could draft it.
I have no guarantees that
Ray's not gonna step out on me,
but if he does,
you better believe I'm taking
half of everything.
I'll need to get a list
of your assets
and a list of Ray's
assets and estimated values
and from there I'm off
and running
and I can create
and do it pretty easily.
You've been
very helpful.
Thank you so much.
Great,
it's good to meet you.
Thank you so much.
♪♪
(seagulls squawking)
(Lyrica Garrett)
I agreed to give A1
and Lyrica their car back.
All I'm asking is for A1
to show me some respect.
I'm not only
A1's mother-in-law,
but I'm a woman with
my own power,
and I don't play.
I've been trying
really hard to keep the peace
in this family of mine.
Even though I know
my mom is not ready to see Pam,
I brought her anyway.
I need my mom to move passed all
the things that have happened
and for all of us
to just move forward.
What the (bleep) are
you doing in my car, Pam?!
Get out of my car!
Mom!
Bitch, get out
of my car!
Hold on!
Get out of my car!
Why are you here?!
I don't care if...
(bleeps).
Hey, hey, hey, hey...
Yo, my mom is
all wound right now.
There's no way this time
that she's gonna be able
to say it was Pam.
And though I will
always have my mama's back,
there's a way to say
"get out of my car"
without touching nobody.
She came with me
because I asked her to.
You didn't want A1 to be here.
You were very clear
about that.
So Pam actually offered,
thinking that at some point
you guys would like
hug it out or something,
and I was like, "Let's just
make peace for once."
Like does it always have to
be almost a fight every time?
You thought that that
would be okay for me to--
Is anything okay?!
She was sitting there,
chilling,
driving my car
like it was hers.
This is not fair for me.
Like you guys
don't even try.
Yeah, but she shouldn't have
been behind my wheel!
She drove for me!
I love my daughter more
than anything in the world.
She is my world.
I don't know what it is
about Pam,
but the sight
of her makes me mad.
It's been such a challenge
accepting the fact
that A1 and Pam
are now a part of our world.
At this point, Pam,
I wanna believe that you're
sincere in your heart
because I am
a forgiving person
and I can forgive you
even though I'm still
heated about
any of my feelings about
all the things you said.
But, Mom, you gotta
let that go.
You know?
I know!
But it's a process--
know that.
I would be
fake to sit here
and say it's just
gone away.
Can we just try to be
a family?
Can we just try, please?
(Pam)
Whether I like it or not,
I'm stuck with Lyrica G.
At least for as long
as our kids stay married.
Can you hug
a person?
Can you hug me?
Can you hug a person?
She just asked you
for a hug.
She can hug me.
Oh, see.
Mom, don't be like that.
She want a hug, what
difference does it make?
No, don't be like that.
No, that's a difference
that it makes.
It makes a lot
of difference.
I wanna see
you guys hug.
Oh my God.
I swear to God,
I'm not feeling it--
You ain't even mean.
Look at your face, you ain't
that type of person.
You is not mean.
Okay, so hug.
Look at your face.
Okay, so hug,
so hug.
You gonna feel it.
Now.
(squealing)
Oh my God.
And I'm doing it for your
daughter and my son, okay?
I cannot believe my eyes.
This is all I've ever wanted
is for our family to be family.
You ain't even mean.
And we're
too grown and--
I already know that.
Then what's
the problem, Lord?
Okay, now you're talking
over me.
No, no, no, no, no...
See,
that ain't cool.
I'm making a point.
I said, "Lord,
what's the problem?"
I think y'all should
hug again.
(laughing)
When are you gonna
send the tape?
When I get back,
when I get back.
I want every copy
you have.
There's only one copy!
Get out of my
mother(bleep) face!
♪♪
♪ He got the three
Lugers out back ♪
♪ He hit me with
a brick-like crane ♪
♪ My connect ♪
♪ He hit me with
a brick-like crane ♪
♪ And now you're talking
people ♪
♪ I'm en Benito ♪♪
(Moniece)
The legal action I took
against Jason
lit a little
fire under his ass
and he decided to call Dreux
and sell out the mystery man
behind the sex tape.
(cheers and applause)
(Moniece)
Phillip is someone that
I date on and off
for about two,
two-and-a-half years.
I wanted more.
He didn't want to give me
what I felt I deserved,
so we agreed to be friends.
I cannot believe that
he would violate me
in so many different way,
on so many different levels.
(Moniece)
The last time we spoke,
I thought we were friends.
And we are.
We're not friends.
You and I dated
on and off for, what,
roughly two years
maybe?
Right.
So when I'm in
my own little bubble
and my son's father shows up
to tell me...
... that Jason Lee has
acquired a sex tape of me
by way of you.
Not by way of me.
I have two phones--
Who got it and how?
Listen, I have
two phones.
Mm-hmm.
The tape--
Please make sense
of it, Phillip.
First of all--
Make sense of it,
Phillip, quickly.
You have two phones.
No.
That phone becomes
missing--
Mysteriously.
Yes, mysteriously.
You know--
You don't know how?
You know-- I don't know how.
If I knew, it
wouldn't be missing.
Jason Lee finds
the phone.
I lost a phone, he was
supposed to return it.
He looked in the phone...
How--
... to see whose
phone it is
and stumbled
across the video.
(Moniece)
This is clearly
the biggest, boldest,
most ignorant lie
I have ever heard
in my entire life.
How is it that of all
the people you meet,
Jason Lee happens to
be the one to find this phone,
and this phone just so happens
to have a tape of me?
The tape is safe
with me.
Nobody will ever have it.
I want the only copies
of the tape that you have.
There's only one copy
'cause it's in a phone.
Okay, well,
then I need it.
All right.
You can send it to
my attorney.
Attorney for what?
Somehow, someway,
a way that I don't believe,
that tape escaped
your possession
and was put into
the possession of
someone else and then
disseminated.
First of all, you don't
have to worry about
your tape getting out 'cause
I would never to that to you,
but if that was the case
of me being
thirsty or whatever,
I would just sell the tape
to-- and get the bag.
We'd have just
handled it after that.
Phillip can't look me in my face
and convince me
that the tape
will never leak.
It already did.
This is me genuinely
offended,
genuinely disgusted
and 100% mother(bleep)
angry that,
as my friend,
you would not defend me
and say, "Yo, bitch, this
(bleep) is wrong!"
Why wouldn't
you do that?!
Listen, you don't know
what I said to--
So then why don't you
let me know,
as somebody that
I thought was my friend,
that would never do
this to me,
somebody that I dated,
not just (bleep) for fun,
somebody that I confided in,
somebody that I trusted in,
someone who
I've had conversations with
about a relationship...
(Moniece)
For his sake, I hope he sends
all the copies over to my
attorney
as I have requested.
Same way I found
him here...
I can find him
and get him to a courtroom.
When are you
gonna send it?
I'm gonna send it in
a few days.
But stop acting like
it wasn't consensual.
Nobody said that.
The point is that it
wasn't intentional.
But that's beside
the point!
If it was consensual
or not...
Heard you, heard you.
... you're the only person
with the tape!
So when are you
gonna send the tape?
I told you already.
When are you gonna
send the tape?
When I get back,
when I get back.
I want every copy
you have.
It's only one copy!
Get out of my
mother(bleep) face!
I'm serious as (bleep)!
Like who the (bleep)
does stuff like this?
You know what?
Who does (bleep)
like this?!
You know what?
Who does (bleep)
like that?
(laughing)
I see you had so much
to say while I was gone.
You just got sucked
and plucked and plump, so...
(bleep)!
♪♪
So MC I Cannot Rap
is like a Twitter thug now,
tweeting all kinds of stuff
about my kid.
We'll see what Nazel
has to say to my natural face.
(all)
Hey!
The bottle came from
that young lady over there.
♪♪
(Hazel)
We don't drink
poison over here.
We don't-- we don't
do that.
Okay.
So I'm out at a popping-ass club
in LA, doing a hosting,
having a ball.
But when I look over,
I see guess who?
We playing like that?
You wanna show up
to my party?
♪♪
I guess I'm gonna
treat this bitch one time.
(Masika)
I really don't care what
this bitch has to say to me.
The only thing I wanna hear
from that collagen creation
is an apology about
what you said about my daughter.
What's up, honey?
How are ya?
I'm great, just got
back in the country.
I see you had so much to
say while I was gone.
Well, before I say
anything...
Mm-hmm.
... are you ready to
apologize for the ignorant,
cowardly, asinine comment
you made about my child?
I think your child
is beautiful.
I didn't make
any comment about her--
No, you did.
Uh, you actually referred
to my record,
saying it wasn't
your BD--
And it's not.
And then I said,
"Well, maybe
the child
isn't yours as well."
Okay, this is not up
for debate.
Of all the people in
the world to lie and pretend
like you had on a record,
why would you pick
my daughter's father?
Like are you that jealous
that you want
him and my house, my body?
Everything?
It's not gonna
happen, sweetheart.
So either you're
going to apologize
for what you said
about my child--
I'm not ever going to
apologize.
Okay, well, then
you're done.
You have BD money.
Why aren't you getting
some work done?
Girl...
I expected you
to look magnificent.
I'm actually disappointed.
And expected you too,
Nazel He.
I did, I did.
I am.
You just got sucked
and plucked and plump, so...
(bleep)!
Bitch... (bleep).
This bitch
is done.
This bitch, for some reason,
thinks that she's almighty
and that I should be
bowing down for her.
Bitch, you're finished when
I say you're finished.
That's why I went ahead
and had to do what I had to do.
(bleep) you, you (bleep)
dog-ass bitch!
That's what
the (bleep) I said, ho!
I can't hear you,
Lispy.
Listen, ogre!
Go back--
Calm down.
Go back to the cave
you came!
So Nazel He,
as I turn my back,
thrusts a few drops
of liquid
on my natural tresses.
I understand
that you get your hair
from the barnyard floor.
You should be glad that I didn't
take that wig off to dry it.
Don't come play with
the big dogs
'cause you can't
handle it, baby girl.
(Ray J)
Next time on
"Love & Hip Hop: Hollywood"...
Are you ready for
all the guests to come?
Yes.
How about your
dad?
I just don't know
if he's gonna be here.
I've been struggling
with something that
I need to
talk to you about.
What, what, what?
Princess feels like
she has to go to
an attorney
to get a prenup.
Got little Brandi coming up
to me, yapping and--
Saying what?
That you wanted
to get a prenup.
Somebody's about to
get kicked out the wedding.
I just wanted to know
my worst-case scenario.
It's a misdemeanor,
but misdemeanors carry
up to a year.
Oh my goodness.
You wouldn't be in
the little lockup you were in.
You'd be in something
like a prison.
(Nikki)
I don't want anything
to happen to you.
I'm not here
to judge you.
(Teairra)
Yeah.
I'm, you know,
I'm here to support you
and-- and help you
with that.
Yeah.
I have sat back
and watched certain things
that I have not
liked at all.
I'm not gonna let
my son fall over a cliff,
and I know he's headed
in that direction.
(Ray J)
It's a storm in
the wedding hall.
I don't even think
the wedding gonna happen.
It's a miracle.
So this is a big day...
if it happens.
You know, I've tried
to be your daughter
and I've tried to
be on your good side
and be your friend,
but if you
don't like me,
then it has nothing
to do with me.
(crying)
(Princess)
This is supposed to be
the happiest day of my life
and it's not.
♪♪